Which comic characters are painted by Bill Finger?
Was winston churchill the prime minister of Selwyn Lloyd?
Name some leaders of the parent organisation of the Gestapo?
Name the municipality of Roberto Clemente Bridge ?
In which monarch did Li Si succeed someone?
Where was the designer of REP Parasol born?
What tv series can be said to be related to the sarah jane adventure and dr who confidential?
How many shows does HBO have?
Is Nikolai Morozov the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
On how many different grounds were seasons chaired by Ronaldo held?
Where was the battle fought where 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment participated  ?
What is the operator of SR class 3Sub ?
Did Timm Gunn guest in Sunrise (HIMYM)?
which politician is currently ruling over Rishkiesh?
Is north america one of the destinations of airtours airways?
How many tenats have been there, of the constructions of PCL constructures?
Was Kevin Jonas a part of Jonas brothers?
Which kind of conventions are held in Rosemont, Illinois?
How many books have been penned by Miguel de Cervantes?
What are the schools whose city is Reading, Berkshire?
Does the west thurrock come under Essex county?
How many people have headed organizations headquartered at Niederkirchnerstrae?
In which television shows have Steven Moffat served as an executive producer?
How many services does 21Vianet provide?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
What is the style of architecture of South Loop Printing House District ?
Is Ombla originate in Croatia?
Was Ganymede discovered by Galileo Galilei?
Who is the producer of the song which is the previous work of He's a Liar ?
Who gave the voice for Allen Walker ?
Who is associated to Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus  and Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Who is the person that first ascented the Cathedral Peak and Mount Hoffmann?
What university campuses are situated in Indiana?
Where is the swedish covenant hospital?
Which composer of Girl from the North Country is the subsequent work of the Moondog Matinee?
Name the members of  boards of Freedom of the City and Trinity House?
Was Reza Amrollahi born in Iran?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
What can be cooked out of things belonging to the order Sapindales?
How many  TV shows were made by someone who was associated with Lewis Hamilton?
Name the alma mater of Michael hahn ?
How many party leaders are there whose parties are headquartered in Berlin?
How many total religions are followed by people whose hometown is somewhere in India?
Did Gwo Ka originate in Western Africa?
Give me the total number of commander of the military conflicts whose commander is Roundhead (Wyandot).
Which country's leader is David Johnston?
How many factions have fought in wars where Francois Marie Le Marchand de Lignery was involved?
Where was Antonio Giannini born?
Where was David Scherman trained or at least good ?
What religions do politicians in the Korean Minjoo Party follow?
Give me the total number of employer of the engineers whose one of the employer is McDonnell Aircraft ?
What were the major actions taken by the politicians living in Gales Ferry, Connecticut?
Where was Live in Detroit, MI recorded ?
who all have been a manager of english under twenty one football team?
What awards have been won by the executive producer of Timmy Time ?
Count all those who've played for the youth club which owns the Rosario, Santa Fe stadium.
What are some families of mammals in the animal kingdom?
Count all the different purposes followed by the different NGOs.
How many things are crossed over by bridges which can carry cars?
Did Steve Sampson manage a club of Santa Clara university
List all the layouts of the automobile whose one of the layout is four-wheel-drive layout ?
In which time zone is Pong Pha?
What is the alma mater of the Angela Trusty and Charles Ayres?
How many rivers start in an English speaking country?
Where are Aureus and Solidus used as currency?
Is the chestnut white bellied rat a mammal?
Was Tim Gunn a guest on The Broken Code?
In how many nations can I find dishes made of Shallot?
What system is both a platform where Nord runs and also distributed The beauty inside?
Is Tirana the largest city of Albania?
what are some common games played at both Fr Agnel Multipurpose School and Vishwajyot High School?
Who were all the people in office when bob hawke was the PM?
Which sports are played at institues in Taguig?
Raymond Johansen is the mayor of what city?
What is the nation of the speedway league where Ikaros Smederna played?
What are the kind of games one can play on windows?
Count the number of sports played by schools which play hockey ?
What is the common school of Chris Marve and Neria Douglass?
What relegious affiliation of Josiah Idowu-Fearon was canonized by john of Damasucs ?
Rivers from which countries flow into the Caspian?
Name the military unit whose garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
what are some devices made by asus?
Count the number of people who graduated from universities affiliated with the NCAA.
Is Queen Latifah associated with Afrika Baby Bam?
Count all that was built by a company whose leader is Kazuo Hirai?
What is the largest city in the country where the San Marcos River originates?
Give a list of all the labels that have jazz fusion artists signed up with them?
Name the major shrine of Bogumilus?
List the religion of people in the Cambodian human rights party?
Count the wars in which people awarded with the Croix de guerre fought.
Which location of  INKAS is also the location of  T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School, Kumasi ?
How many battles have involved commanders of 1st Free French Division?
Count the number of cities on the Mediterranean Sea?
Which researchers received fellowship from Royal Society?
what are some famous people out of the Filipinos?
To whom was Tessa Dahl born to?
Was Jack Ryan a nominee of US Senate?
Count the number of religions followed by the alumini of Ananda College.
What is the river whose source is Cowombat  Flat and has it's mouth located in Murray Mouth?
Who were in the youth clubs that were in season of 2015 Argentine Primera Division?
From how many coutries do companies come, which are headquartered in the Klang Valley?
What are the border of High Desert (Oregon)?
What all is owned by a company one of whose division is Paramount Domestic Television?
 Which musical band produced the subsequent work of City of New Orleans ?
The authors of Zhorstoke nebo was influenced by whom ?
Name the largest city in the county where there is a Cy-Fair High School.
Name the common associate band of Blayse and Teddy Riley ?
Who is the performer of album which has the song "To Where You Are" ?
Does the merlin express have a hub at the cibano international airport?
How many people live in Wilton, Connecticut?
For how many different teams have Ontarians been drafted ?
How many rivers are crossed by different Box Girder bridges?
What railway lines go through the stations maintained by Western Australian Public Transport Authority?
What is the leader name of the settlements whose governing body is Municipal council?
What is the major shrine of Jacques-Dsir Laval ?
Count the number of actors in Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married.
To which series does the character of Londo Mollari belong?
Count all the scientologists.
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
How many genres of games can I find on the commodore CDTV?
List the cast member of the movies whose producer is Mark Johnson.
In how many  territories were the wars fought where Fusil Gras Mile 1874 were used?
Who are the politicians whose death place is Ontario?
Does the US route 281 have a junction at San Antonio?
Name the company whose one of the product is Pixar Image Computer and has one of the key person as Edwin Catmull?
Give me a count of royalties buried in Rome ?
What is the route junction of Rhode Island Route 15 ?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
Is KOMC-FM the sister station of KOMC (AM)?
Do the asiana airlines fly  to Jeju airport?
Which awards are presented by Swedish Academy?
List the awards won by the fashion designer which have been recognized by Tennessee State Museum ?
Which motion picture stories were edited by Ishir Honda?
Which rivers originate from Dowra?
How many TV shows have been created by Simon Fuller ?
Did Henry Ford design the Model C?
How many people are known for Dragons' Den?
Greater Napanee is the home town of what people?
In which state is the Channel district?
Name the religious affiliation of Vagif Aliyev ?
Count the number of characters of the play whose one of the character is Catwoman ?
Is Bacillus belong to the domain Bacteria?
How many currencies are in used in places where people speak French?
What political party has governed both in Baraily,MP and Jowai?
Which officers fought in the war of Siege of Fort Recovery?
How many writers speak a language belonging to the Germanic kind of languages?
Was Duanne Allman known to play the Les Paul?
For which other teams do members of tanzanian national football team play?
How many maintainers are there of the bridges that can carry motor vehicles over them?
What is Jon Speelman famous for?
What city is the residence of Cheryl Teigs?
Give me a count of everything under the archipelago, where Papeete is the biggest town.
Name the nearest city to  Lake Victoria?
Was A foreign policy on freedom covered by John Trumbull?
Eric roth wrote how many screenplays?
How many have been awarded by the Royal Society?
Who are the opponents of Gervase Helwys?
With whom is Heinz Kokott a relative to who also served Nazi Army?
Which magazine's publisher is Jann Wenner and founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Which television show's network  is BBC HD and is related to Doctor Who Confidential?
What is the life stance of the ethnic groups related to Micronesia ?
What is the magazine which have been  founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Which river ends at  Thames Estuary and North Sea?
Count the number of sports team members  which have player named Matt Williams ?
How many other awards have been given to people who have won the Golden Globe?
Does Mr. Jim's Pizza operate in the pizza industry?
How many other field are there of the scientists whose one of the field is Mathematics ?
Who had  Joe Purcell and Winston Bryant as lieutenants ?
Did stan lee narrate the incredible hulk tv show?
How many sports are played in organizations presided by Emanuel de Guzman?
What is common between sports played at Fr Agnel School and Jr college, and the genre of Virtual Kasparov?
How many different genres of games are produced by Blizzard?
Name the river flowing through Reading and source place as Gloucestershire ?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
What are some cars which came before the ones on a GM B base?
Name few companies founded in Texas?
Count all the ethinic group who speaks language which belongs to Anglo-Frisian language family ?
Name all those whose spouses have performed with Tony Bennett?
What are the books written by the the person who made the Novelas ejemplares?
Whos a famous relative of anne spielberg?
Name the TV show whose network is NBC and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
Does chicago own the washington station on the CTA Blue Line?
Give the distinct number of other party of the people which have one of the party as Janata Party ?
Count the units garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia.
List all the co-founders of the non for profit which have founding member as David pressman ?
how many companies are located in a spanish speaking region?
What are some US citizens famous for?
Which genre of books are published by Random House?
How many golf players are there in Arizona State Sun Devils ?
Which rivers start in Wyoming?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
The Prime minister who worked in the Khmer Issarak follows which religion?
Who coached the marquet golden eagels during 2013
Is Tea the main ingredient of Lahpet?
Which tenant of New Sanno Hotel is the military branch of the Gary Holder-Winfield ?
How many destinations are covered by the airlines which also serves Europe ?
How many famous people are born in Long Island?
List the newspapers whose offices are situated in 1211 Avenue of the Americas?
What are the movies whose cinematographer is Gregg Toland?
Who is the person who are on the board of Freedom of the City?
Name the sitcoms whose network's owning company is Chris-Craft Industries?
How many developers have games where I can hear Lightning McQueen?
List the ingredient of Blodpalt ?
Does Caroline Augusta Foley Rhys Davids study Buddhism?
Who is the performer of Bengali in Platforms ?
In how many other states do people live, whose languages are spoken in Nebraska?
What are some fictional characters whose voice is in the peanuts movie?
What is the total number of other tenant of the stadia whose one of the tenant is Raptors 905?
In how many places have Irishmen died?
List the stadium of the teams which uses Nea Smyrni  as one of the stadium ?
How many companies are located in Toronto ?
Who is a successor of Kingship whose parents were Julius Caesar?
Who wrote the musical based on Mary Poppins?
How many people have voiced characters sculpted by Clamp?
What team has  players  born in Dominican Republic ?
Was Derg the anthem of Ethopia?
What cities does the river goes through, whose tributary is the little black river in Arkansas?
How many other characters are there of the plays which has a  characters name Joker (comics) ?
For how many other teams have the former players of Boston Bruins played?
Count the different origins of members of the Vitis Vinifera species.
Was the  2d Command and Control Squadron barracked in Colorado?
Who is the founder of Hohenau, Paraguay?
List the show related to the which was followed by Doctor Who Extra?
Count the number teams which have  former ice hockey players which also included American Hockey League ?
Members of how many political parties have died in Delhi?
To how many places does the airlines fly, whose head office is located at the Gatwick Airport?
Which political figures were awarded Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Where do current famous NatGeo photographers live?
How many awards have been given to Italians?
How many different layouts do cars designed by Oliver Boulay have?
Is Hyundai Lavita assembled in Malaysia?
How many other Guests are there of the television episodes whose Guests is Brian d'Arcy James ?
List the shrines of the saint whose one of the shrine is Ponza ?
Who died due to Morphine ?
How many mammals are in the Chordate phylum?
How many people were opponents of the ones buried in the tower of London?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
Name the species of Southwest African lion ?
From how many different institutes have the members of Judge Advocate General's Corps graduated?
In how many different places have ehtics philosophers died?
What political ideology of the Palang Dharma Party is relegion of Inthakin?
Where did Fort Lauderdale Strikers season of 16 take place?
What are some relatives of the people who fought in Operation Barbarossa?
Is Mike Babcock the head coach of Toronto Maple Leafs?
Is Audie Murphy buried in the Arlington national cementery?
What honours did Reigh Count receive?
How many people have written stuff broadcasted on the Tokyo Broadcasting System?
How many more teams have rented the stadium used by Raptors 905?
Give me a count of musicians who play an instrument developed by George Beauchamp ?
Does the St lawrence river start in Kingston, Ontario?
Give me an estimate of the number of manufacturers whose products are managed by MTR?
Who is the fictional character whose relative is Vestigial Peter?
What are a few molluscas whose family is Buccinidae?
What type of government is elected in Kumta?
What is the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade (TV series) and developed by  J. Michael Straczynski?
What people were born in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
What is the company to which Fusajiro Yamauchi proprietor to ?
Who is the performer of the album whose subsequent work is Willie Nelson and Family ?
Name the debut team of Dan Otero ?
How many utopian and dystopian fiction books are there?
Does the Westchester Avenue fall under the Bronx?
Count the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
How many albums were released under the Victor Entertainment label?
Does NOAAS Davidson (S 331) have a homeport in Seattle?
Which company owns Evraz ?
Who is the leader of Panki block ?
Name the species of Liger ?
Is michelangelo the painter of The Persian Boy?
Which television shows has sound format as 5.1 surround?
Where is the capital of Kelsey Creek located?
Name the TV show whose opening theme is Gary Portnoy and the subsequent work is Frasier?
How many movies did Joel Schumacher direct?
How many games are played at universities in Metro Manilla?
Who is the owner of Saumarez ?
Is Compaq a software company?
How many owners are there of things located in Alabama?
Was the FIS Alpine World Ski Championship of 1950 held in Colorado?
How many cities are around the sea into which the aegean sea flows?
How many buildings are located in the jurisdiction of John Tory?
Which railway line goes through the stations which are a part of the North Caucasus railway?
Whose doctoral student is etienne bieler\xc9tienne_Bi\xe9ler
What are some bands originating in London?
what awards have been giving to Muhammad Yunus?
How many teams have LA kings players in them currently?
List the opponents of the relatives of Thomas Helwys?
What is the region of Tom Perriello ?
What are some other great things by the person who produced Queer as Folk?
Is National Archaeological Museum (Florence) the museum of Chimera of Arezzo?
Who are the associate musical artists of Dalma Kovcs ?
Does the Vadodara Railway station lie at the end of the Mathura Vadodara route?
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
What is the commander of Battle of Brownstown ?
What religion's politicians are in the Malaysian Chinese association?
How many religions are practiced by diplomats?
Who developed the programming languages designed by Rob Pike?
List down the prime ministers of Peter Thorneycroft ?
list some companies founded by Jim Harris.
What has been founded in the state that Denton county, Texas is a part of? 
How many 
How many writers worked on the album Main Course?
Count the number of shows whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
How many broadcast area of the television stations exists whose broadcast area is Rodrigues ?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
Under whom did Charles Drummond Ellis do his PhD?
Who founded the Not on our Watch NGO?
Who first ascented a mountain of Mount Hoffmann ?
What is the military conflict whose commanders are John McEwen and Phm Vn ng?
In how many countries do the rivers start which end at the Caspian Sea?
Who are the former partners of the figure skaters whose performance have been choreographed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
Which holy things canonized John of Damascus?
Count the number of schools which are in a city governed by the West Berkshire Council?
Did Hank Williams Jr. make Early in the Morning and Late at Night?
Is Pixar Canada a subsidiary of Pixar?
List some leaders of regions in the Indian Standard Time Zone?
Name the rivers originating from an English speaking nation?
List the notable work of David Isaacs (writer)?
Tirana is the largest city of which country?
How many teams have used the stadium which hosted the WCW mayhem?
Was the Army Air Corps honored for the battle of Iraq?
How many people have played for a club whose coach is Fred Hoiberg?
How many relatives are there of people fought in the Battle of the Bulge?
Is Truth prevails the national motto of Czechoslovakia?
Who was the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics  Men's 400 metre individual medley ?
Which football players have Newell's Old Boys as youthclub?
Does the little colorado river flow in the Grand Canyon?
Which educational institution of Jack Mcgregor is also the alma mater of Donn barber ?
How many religions are followed by the people in the Royal Thai Army?
From which state do the White Plum Asangas come?
List the ceremonial county of East Tilbury ?
How many people are there who have relationship with Kennedy family?
Which board game can be said as a mind based game?
Was GM first aired in Albania?
How many games have a publisher based in US?
How many fictional characters were humans?
Is Julia Gillard a part of monarch of elizabeth 2?
Which cities come in the course of the river, into which Big Creek around Texas flows too?
Where are INKAS located which is also the state of origin for Jojo Chintoh ?
Who wrote the frost king?
How many other key people are there of the non-profit organisations whose key people is Hillary Clinton ?
How many races have the horses bred by Jacques Van't Hart participated in?
Name the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
In how many regions is English American spoken?
Is Ella Fitzgerald associated with Mickey Roker?
Does Cascade Airways have a hub in Seattle?
How many services does the company who made Onedrive provide?
Where did the Vitis Vinifera grapes originate?
How many ships belong to states which has Unitary as government type ?
Which technological products were manufactured by Foxconn?
Does Gibby Haynes play the saxophone?
List the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick?
Things going to the mediterranean sea also go where?
How many first drivers have participated when Scuderia Ferrari was a first team?
Was Tommy Tucker's Tooth animated by Walt Disney?
Name all the bands which have members of QDT in them.
Which publisher of Stone Canoe is also the university for which Michael Powell plays for ?
How many shows are made by the channel whose predecessor was the Comedy Channel?
What are the movies directed by Joel Schumacher?
How many wars took place in Israel?
Where is Richard Stites located ?
How many companies serve the Australian region?
Who wrote The Times They Are a-Changin?
Who was the opponent of Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset ?
Give me the total number of architect of the buildings whose one of the  architect was Louis D. Astorino?
Where can i find companies which were started in Toronto?
List the leaders of the government agencies whose jurisdiction was German-occupied Europe.
What is the total number of awards whose presenter's headquarters is Beverly Hills, California?
Count the total number of launch site of the rockets which have been launched form Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ?
How many shows are made by Larry David?
Name the home town of Cline Buckens ?
Was Cliff Burton in Metallica?
What are the television shows whose network's sister station is BBC Two?
How many kinds of games can be played on the Amiga?
Is Michael Schumacher the first driver of the 1994 grand prix?
By which companies is RENFE Class 333 designed?
Does the asiana airlines fly into the Gimhae International Airport?
What is the state of the senator whose successor is Nathaniel P. Hill ?
Count the awards given to the recepients of the Becket fund for religious liberty.
What is the president whose lieutenants are Winston Bryant and Joe Purcell?
Who has written the mary poppins musical?
Cable stayed bridges have been used to cross over how many things?
To which military division does Clark Daniel Stearns belong?
What are the resting places of the associates of John Betts a, Connecticut politician?
Give me a count of mammals whose family is Canidae?
What sports can be played in Kharghar's schools
For which team does Ramiro Pea play ?
How many shows is Russell Davies known for?
What is the leader of the government agency which is the military unit of Erich Kempka ?
Name the serving line of Daund Junction railway station?
Who was the president under whom, a governor participated in Shay's rebellion?
Is the charat district a district in peru?
Who are the people who influenced the writers of Evenor ?
What are some movies written by British writers?
How many different people own the Timeform award winners?
How many scientists are known for the Manhatten Project?
Which political party of Chandra Shekhar is also the political party of Datl Satyanarayana Raju ?
How many people have been presenters for NBC shows?
What is the television show whose executive producer is Douglas Netter?
Whihc alma mater of angela Trusty is also the training center of David Scherman ?
How many producers have worked for FremantleMedia productions?
Which successor of Philippine Ports Authority is the state of origin of Ruben J. Villote ?
Who is the spouse of Willian Menalaus?
Is Joe Schilling the trainer of Nick Diaz?
Is James Hetfield a band member of Metallica?
Which baseball team is managed by Bruce Bochy?
How many islands belong to archipelagos located in the pacific?
How many other important things have been written by the creator of Stuart Alan Jones?
Does Kirk Hammett play the Gibson Flying V?
What novels are belong to the genre of Utopian and dystopian fiction?
What is the programme format of WWTR ?
What is the home ground of the clubs managed by Ciao Zanardi?
Which people are known for appearing on the television show Dragon's Den?
How many railway lines go through the station maintained by Public transport authority of western australia?
Carl Sagan has penned books on how many matters?
what are some units udner the US department of navy?
What sport has made Eric Schiller famous, and has employed Craig Van Tibury?
What is the country whose administrative centre is Hagta, Guam?
What is the political party of the of Bengalis ?
Was Writings and Drawings illustrated by Bob Dylan?
How many major shrine are there, of the saints whose beatified by Pope Pius XI ?
Count all the things licensed as Software as a service.
How many different kinds of games are published by Interplay Entertainment?
How many different kinds of softwares have been released under the GPL license?
Who produced wizards vs aliens?
Which team did Bill Murphy and Jean Segura play for?
What location country of AH141 is also the nation of malaysia Junior hockey league ?
On how many subjects has Random house publishers published books?
What are the things Eric Schiller known for ?
Does Walt Disney Studio have a subsidiary called PixarCascadia_
Who is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei and Ordnungspolizei?
Does vance johnson play as a wide receiver?
How many different products are there of the companies located in the US?
List all the former broadcast network of WMDN ?
Who are the people which were the influencer of the person, who influenced Costanzo Preve ?
What is the region of the successor of Mr. Jerome B. Chaffee ?
Was Zambezi originate in the north western province of zambia?
Who first ascented a mountain of Cathedral Peak (California) ?
What awards did the film director of The Haunted House win ?
What all is produced by companies in Douglas, Isle of Man?
What is the number of occupation of the people who died in tampa bay, florida?
What is the municipality of Liberty Bell ?
How many fictional characters are there in a series in which Craig Robinson acted?
Which television show is the subsequent work of Frasier and the opening theme is Gary Portnoy?
in which country does the river end which originates in Lebrsnik?
Which country's largest city is Lima?
List the awards given to the relatives of Gregorios Bernardakis.
Count all the games whose distributors are located in America
Which non fiction of the Thud is also the field of the Jon Speelman ?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
List the former partner of the figure skaters whose former choreographer was Igor Shpillband.
What is the title of Kakae ?
What is the birth city of the Salford City F.C players ?
To what other locations does the airlines have flights, who also fly to Birmingham?
How many states does the Pioneer corporation operate in?
How many people are there whose children died in Indiana?
Which mountain range is the one with Ponte d'Aveneyre and Le Gibloux?
What is the appliance which uses the central processing unit manufactured by Marvell Technology Group?
What is the military branch of John Tower ?
How many people used to play in the youthclub of FC Barcelona?
Count the number of offices held by people who have their allegiances with the american civil war union?
Who are the relatives of the character after which Quagmire's Quagmire was made?
Who are the tenants of MasterCard Centre?
Is nintendo in the video games industry?
Which award that has been given to James F Obrien, had used Laemmle Theatres for some service?
Does the croton river flow into the hudson?
Count all the band members who are in Bands which have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
Who is the editor of Hearth and Home ?
Mike Shinoda is in which band?
How many tenants are there in the Mercedes Benz Superdome?
What is the religion of the successor of Chatumongol Sonakul?
Which associated band of the Teddy Riley is also the performer of the Before I Let You Go?
How many developers have worked on games of the Oddworld series?
Count everyone who was in a youthclub chaired by Josep Maria Bartomeu ?
Is Peter Piper Pizza in the pizza industry?
How many local authorities manage mixed gender schools?
What are some apes?
What is the alma mater of the scientist who is known for Rational analysis ?
name the mountain range of Le Gibloux ?
Is Peter Crouch currently in the Stoke City FC?
Is Lloyd  Nosler the editor of The Temptress?
How many Thesaban towns are there?
Did Oliver Sacks study at the Columbia University?
How many other genere are there of the radio stations whose one of the genre  is Classic rock ?
name the races where bobby beasley took part ?
What is the content license of Darcs ?
How many items belong to the Science Fiction genre?
Count the cities whihch are on the same sea as that of Miami ?
How many scientist became famous for the battle of Occupation of Japan?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
In how many countries does the Zurich Affoltern am Albis Zug line go?
Give me the count of all people who ascented a peak in California?
What people are known to work for Johnny Cash?
What rivers originate from Australian Alps?
What is the nationality of the J. T. Krogh which is also the  sovereign state of the Camilla Martin
What is the television show whose sculptor is C. E. Webber and composed by Murray Gold?
In how many different places have people beatified by Pope Pius X died?
How many groups have fought in wars where Richard Taylor fought too?
Is Halyna Kukhar the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
Who directed the haunted house and alice in wonderland?
Count the sports played at universities located in Urban Areas?
Which wars were fought by the commander whose deputy was Robert T. Herres?
Is the Bucyrus MT6300AC assembled in north america?
What is the game platform of Google Cloud Connect ?
Who develops the computation platform of Microsoft Expression Encoder ?
In how many places can I find tombs of people who fought in the Norwalk Trainband?
Which movies' composers have won a BAFTA for film music?
Is Microsoft office written in C++
Was the altazor drawn by Picasso?
How many people used to play for Toronto Argonauts?
In how many languages did Marika Gombitova sing?
What is the common party of Chandra Shekhar and Govinda  ?
How many different songwriters have had their songs recorded in London?
Which is the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
Which is the common nation of Louisa Hill and American Football Wellington from?
Was robert sarvis a nominee of the US Senate?
How many home stadium are there, of the soccer club seasons whose chairman is Merritt Paulson?
who all play for of the american football players at  Quarterback position?
In which region was political figure Wayne Allard elected?
Where is Emmett Hughes from?
Name the district of Robert William Wilcox ?
What are the television shows which are in NTSC and 5.1 surround sound?
Give me a count of bacterias which belongs to Bacilli class?
 Count the participants of the NBA.
How many politicians are in the US Senate?
How many players participated in the 2004-05 FC Barcelona season?
Count everyone who studied at an institute which are in Suburbs?
Which source of broad creek is the Audenried tunnel located ?
Count me the number of people whose military unit is involved with Close air support ?
Who were fighting the war where the QF Hotchkiss was used?
Where was the Temptation Waits recorded?
Name the species of Panthera leo fossilis ?
Name the driver who had a pole finish in 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
what are some common surnames of female people?
Give me the total number of membership of the organisations which have memebers as  Azerbaijan?
What are the reason served by Toll Global Express which is also the country of LPGA ?
Give the total number of places to which airlines go, who also go to Glasgow?
Where does the rail route, which ends at the Moskovsky station, begins?
Was 12th Field Artillery Regiment garrisoned at colorado?
What is the municipality of Patterson Houses ?
Was Gareth Southgate a manager of Middlesbrough F.C.?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whihc also plays Volleyball ?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the Croatian Inline hockey team part of ?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
Count the number of religions followed by Janta Dal members.
Does Lousana lie at the end of Alberta Highway 42?
Which president of United States had vice president as John Adams?
Give me a count of movies whose producer is Larry J. Franco?
Name the partners of Kelly Brook?
Count everyone who lives in a place where Indian English is an official language ?
Count the  total number of mammals whose phylum is Chordate and order (taxonomy) is Diprotodontia?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini ?
Is George Lucas the cinematographer of 6-18-67?
List the shows whose company's successor is Amblin Television.
Count the total number of battles fought by the military people which fought in Levant ?
Name the sports played by Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Te Deum (Charpentier)?
What is the total number of participant in conflict of SFOR?
From how many different places have people gone to the Harward Medical School?
Name the river passing through Reading Berkshire and has mouth place at Essex ?
How many movies music composers are associated with Demis Roussos ?
Who all play for the Ivory Coast football team?
Which party has come in power at both Balangir and Amaravila in india?
List the total number of executive producer of TV show which have one of the executiive producer as Steven Moffat ?
How many things belong to a division of plant kingdom?
Does Massimo Liverani play for Abarth?
Name the source Island of Bayou ?
Did Alexander Magleby study at the Dartmouth College?
What is the total number of relgions followed by people born in Bangkok?
Where are the homestadiums of the seasons chaired by Merritt Paulson?
In which of the parties that have governed over Rishikesh, does Govinda belong too?
List softwares written in C++ and runs on Mac OS ?
What are the home stadiums of the things Leonid Fedun has been the chairman of?
For which team does hunter pence play for?
How many have former teams as Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Who owns Ivanpah Solar Power Facility?
Name the sharehoders of The National Herald ?
List some things that Swedish people have become famous for?
How many things are made by companies who produce mass media articles?
Name the rivers who originate from Essex?
Is lion an animal?
Which players have represented Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim?
List the shows whose network is run by BBC.
What are some games availible on nintendo's virtual console?
Which bacteria's taxonomic class is Bacilli?
Is the magnolia place of the greek revival architectural style?
List the movies whose cast member were born in Scotland.
List the significant building of the architect who also designed  Kiev?
Was George Washington on the rank of general?
What softwares were created by Apple Productivity Experience Group ?
Count the number of judges who've come on CTV network shows.
What are the shows whose creator has worked as a screenwriter?
Who is the person whose opponent's father is Newman Haynes Clanton?
Which religions are practiced in India?
Is Gaza Strip the result of Operation Autumn Clouds?
Is the Frank R Lillie House has the Chicago architecture?
Name the common musical band of Take Me There and Tonight's the Night ?
What are the county seats of the region which operates the Boeing Field?
What is the university whose campus are Indiana and Iowa?
What is the style of architecture of Pontiac Building ?
Name the directors of Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon (DVD) ?
For how many other teams have the members of Atlant Moscow Oblast played?
How many sports are played in maharashtran schools?
List the served region of the organisations of Trade association.
List down the commanders of Battle of Fort stephenson ?
List the books whose authors are in Alcal de Henares.
Is Guatemala a unitary state?
what are some journals of academic Philosophy
Did taylor swift do the theme song of The Farmer Wants a Wife?
What currencies have been prevalent in the country whose national anthem is La Marseillaise?
Where is Vietnam Airlines located ?
How many sitcoms are there whose theme music is composed by a New Yorker?
Where is the origin of Filbert's Old Time Root Beer ?
Name the musical band of Written in the Stars ?
Count the affiliations of International Union of Anarchists?
On which subjects does the author of the novel Thud! delve?
Is Lancy a city close to Geneva?
Who is the american football player whose highschool is Ringgold High School (Pennsylvania)?
Give me some organizations working for Environmentalism
Is Wahoo! the previous work of Honeybuns?
List the awards given to the race horses bred by Willis Sharpe Kilmer.
The players born in Bellaire, Ohio have played for which team?
What games can be played in schools founded by Fr. Orlando?
Is Frontaccounting licensed under GNU license?
Which things have been made by artists who died in Midhurst?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
Name some dishes made with flowering plants.
How many other home stadium are there of the soccer club whose home stadium is Luzhniki Stadium ?
Where is the  assembly of Caterpillar 797 ?
List everything governed by the Democratic Party of US?
What are some software which are written in languages that are run on Unix like OS?
Where did some of the matches take place where Columbus Crew SC played?
How many shows belong to the networks one of whose sister station is BBC News?
List the agencies located someplace lead by Alex Chalk.
Through which cities do the rivers starting at the Montauk State Park flow?
People from how many political parties exist in Maharashtra?
Whose opponents are Ike Clanton and Billy Clanton?
Who are the people whose alumna is a part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association?
To which religion does the commander of South Thailand insurgency belong?
Give me a count of everything owned by the network whose sister name is The CW?
Which famous writer was married to Jill Krementz and had a son named Edith Vonnegut ?
Which are the races in which Martin Molony participated?
Was Yabanc Damat first aired in UAE?
Name some basketball players who  have played for chicago bulls?
What is the field of the Jon Speelman and occupation of the Karen Grigorian?
List the maintainers of Pandaruan Bridge?
Who were the producers of the tenderfoot?
Is coffee a main ingredient of Hopje?
How many sitcoms were produced by the company whose predecessor was the Desilu Productions
Which engine's successor's predecessor is BMW M10?
Which person's successor is Samsu-iluna?
Under which president did the predecessor of Simon Ferro work?
In which municipalities does the NYC housing authority own buildings?
Was andy worhol the director of the san diego surf?
Count the number of places where alumini of Edinburgh university have died?
Is Cologny a neighbouring city of Geneva?
Does the Sicklefin lemon shark belong in the animal kingdom?
What is the local authority of Liverpool Institute High School for Boys ?
Give me the places where people who worked in Church of England died in ?
What famous musicians play the remo?
What belongs to the families of Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
List down all notable works of Neil Cross ?
What is the largest city of the country which have an assembly of Plymouth Savoy?
Does nintendo have a division called Nintendo Entertainment Planning & Development?
How many pole drivers have been there in grand prixes where first driver was Damon Hill?
Was the Model K designed by Herny Ford?
Is Queen Latifah the narrator of Arctic Tale?
How many companies were founded in Dallas?
What are the mammals whose phylum is Chordate?
Which state's largest city is Omaha?
Who all have been judges on CTV Network's shows?
Which rivers end in Old Saybrook, Connecticut?
How many artists' works are in Muse d'Orsay?
In how many different places does Canal and River Trust own its assets?
which planet was discovered by Urbain Le Verrier?
Who are some authoritative persons on the matter of Megabalanus concinnus?
Who is the father of Barbara Ann Crancer?
What are some given names for males?
Name the parent company of Ford Falcon Cobra ?
Where is the radio broadcasted in, whose sister station is CKFM-FM?
Does A foreign policy of freedom belong to the genre Politics?
Chestnut colored horses have won which races?
For which common president did Jim Sasser and Mike McCurry work?
Jerry Bock's musicals has been adapted from how many things?
Who are the spouse of the parents of Kimberly Stewart?
Count the number of fileds of the scientist whose one of the interest is Chinese poetry ?
Who is the governor of Carl McCall ?
What borders the valley which falls under Lake County, Oregon?
Name the television show created by CE Webber and also has actor named Companion?
What sports are played at universities affiliated by States Colleges and Universities athletic association?
Which team has had both Martin prochzka and garry unger as its players ?
What is the official residence of Fergus McMaster ?
What is the total number of  builder of the military structures whose builder is also United States?
From what countries have people participated in the Excelsior Stakes?
What is the total number of guests on the show whose theme music is Let me be your star?
Was Noko a band member of Luxuria?
Name some basketball players whose team is coached by Fred Hoiberg?
Who all have developed softwares for Unix Like OSes?
What are the movies whose music is composed by Vangelis?
Was Walt Disney the cinematographer of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Who is the operator of Rainbow Warrior (1955) ?
Which series are Lennier and Londo Mollari both from?
Graduates of Somerville College have been in how many political parties?
What are some primates?
Count the number of battles fought by the military person involved in Morocco ?
How many companies were founded in Denton, texas?
Count the different causes of death of Christians.
Name the TV show whose cast member is Companion (Doctor Who) and is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures?
List all the collaborators of the artist which has collaborated with sanremo Music Festival ?
Name the  people whose residence is Beverly Hills, California?
Was Marie Curie a doctoral student of Henri Becquerel?
Where does the railway tracks start, which ends in Kazan?
Give me a count of all ice hockey players whose teams are headcoached by John Tortorella?
Name all the venues of the convention which has also been hosted in San Diego Convention ?
Where is the county seat of King County, Washington?
How many relatives are there of the people who died in Germany?
Was Lucrezia Tornabuoni the mother of Lorenzo de' Medici?
List of people who were the first one to ascend a mountain in the Cathedral range?
How many movies did Stanley Kubrick direct?
In how many different places can I fnd Modern Architectural buildings?
Who has had been the tenant of the stadium built by PCL construction firm?
What is the type of Vesak ?
Which military personnel belong to the branch of Continental Army?
Where did the president study, whose VP was Emilio Nez?
In how many different places were the people born who are members of National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame?
Which military commander fought his battle at Fort Gadsen?
Did Phillippe Cabot go to Columbia for studying?
Which rivers start at the Brower's Spring?
Which software uses windows as it's operating system and is written in C++ ?
Which draft team od Dale Mitchell is also the tenant of Master Card center /
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor was Karl Ewald Hasse?
Count the awards received by the ones who fought the battle of france?
By what person of which political party is Balangir district led?
What is the owner of Ivanpah Solar Power Facility and the original developer of Dart?
Who all are buried in Arlington national cementary?
who manufactures the SHO V8?
Which shows had their painters born in England?
What is the former team of the american football players whose position is Running back?
Which current players once played for Toronto argonauts?
Which company builds Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Surface?
Which contnet license provider of Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the game platform of Google Clud Connect ?
Did Stan Lee create the Iceman comics?
Whihc party of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the government type of kumta ?
What currencies are circulated in the countries where people speak French?
Which division of Serbia national team is also the region of Dobinsk Ice Cave ?
Ernest Rutherford was the advisor of how many people?
Where were some people associated with Steve Winwood employed at?
Does the river shannon originate from Dowra?
What is the currency of Kerguelen Islands ?
Does Jevan Snead play as Quarterback?
In how many nations is Coconut a common food ingredient?
Is tahiti in the Society Islands achipelago?
How many games have been composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
Name few television shows's anchored by Ryan Seacrest?
Was Queen Latifah in the U.N.I.T.Y. group?
List the total number of regions of the building whose are located in\Grand Forks Air Force Base?
Which religion's people are member of BJP?
Count the different alma maters of people employed by the CNN
How many dishes are made with an ingredient belonging to the flowering plant species?
Was the Funky Lab Rat released in North America?
Which is the city closest to both the Lodaiska site and the home of David w brown?
What is the state of the settlement, which is the sub assembly of Mohamedia, Tunisia ?
Whose leaders are Willem-Alexander and Fredis Refunjol?
What television show are distributed by Broadcast syndication?
Name the person with opponents Ike Clanton and Tom McLaury?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is operated by the Los Angeles World Airports?
What is used as money for French Southern and Antarctic Lands is also the  product of the Karafarin Bank ?
Who are the golf players whose college is Arizona State Sun Devils?
Who is the film star of On Air with Ryan Seacrest ?
Who wrote Catch My soul ?
How many bands collaborated with artists who signed up with EMI?
In which places can we find the people won the Project Runaway Canada?
How many factions were fighting in the wars where Blue Jacket was a commander?
Did Stan Lee write the Daredevils?
How many record labels publish works of Jazz fusion?
To what region is Sukhumbhand Paribatra, a leader?
For how many movies have the music composer composed music, who have collaborated with Yes ?
What is the total number of other nearest countries to the lakes whose nearest countries is Uganda?
Give me some shows owned by BBC one and BBC hd?
List out the people who are related to the relatives of Jared Kushner ?
Was Buzz Williams the headcoach of the Marquette Golden Eagles mens team?
How many units follow the US Navy Department's command structure?
Which education institute of Duncan U. Fletcher is also the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
Who built the Ford Y-block engine ?
Is Plymouth High School for Girls in Devon county?
List the first drivers of Grand Prixes where Mika Hakkinen was a pole driver.
Who produced the Pixar Image Computer?
Was mother teresa beatified by John Paul the second?
How many different people hold authority over the members of Balanidae family?
Which fields' academic journals are found in the US?
How many other region served are there of the companies which serves  Pacific Ocean ?
Which common prime minister did Graham Richardson and Bon McMullan serve ?
Name the alma mater of Ernest de Saisset ?
Where does the Giannis Alafouzos originate?
What are some party leaders of the parties which have had a seat in Berlin?
What awards have been given to Screenwriters?
What companies are located in toronto?
Which Harris County based company is a subsidiary of Tandem Computers?
What is the baseball team whose club manager's debut team is Houston Astros?
How many corporations were founded in Texas?
List all binomial authority of the insects whose one of the  binomial authority is douard Mntries?
In which state is Red Willow Creek?
Name the resting place of Fazlur Rahman Khan ?
Count all the places where companies located in Ontario operate.
What politician's partner is Diana Taylor ?
What is the district of Methodist Central Hall Westminster ?
Does Jean Louis Arcand work for Geneva?
How many religions are followed amongst the people who've worked in the Korean army?
List the people died in Hyderabad and are a member of political party ?
What kind of buildings were designed by Pyusawhti?
Is Esther Alder the mayor of Geneva?
What are the baseball players who played for San Francisco Giants?
Where does the Jerusalem Institute of Justice render their services?
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh ?
How many companies were founded in Menlo Park, California?
What is the television show whose channel's parent organisation is Fox Sports?
Which bands are associated to David Paton?
Where does Kafue and Shire river flow into?
Who is the president when Loretta Ucelli used to work for Democratic party?
was Charlemagne canonized by antipope pachal 3?
What are the players whose former teams are Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts?
Is Akan spoken in Ghana?
How many basketball players studied in the Midland College?
Rickenbacker is a musical instrument played by which artists?
Is Liang Chow the headcoach of Shawn Johnson?
What ethinicity of Linda Hogan is also the state of origin of Holmes Colbert ?
What other destinations do airlines go to, whose flights also come to Glasgow?
Where did Steve Romeo dies ?
Of the sports commonly played at Islamic Azad Uni, tehran, which one does Jon Speelman play?
What is the government type of Ancient Rome ?
Who are the animator of The Skeleton Dance?
What is the birth location of the pope who was canonized by Agatha of Sicily?
What is the common country of Ganz UV and Balaton wine region ?
What organization is the parent of Greenpeace Nordic?
Give me some softwares which run on mac os
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the  predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
What are some scientists who have stateless citizenship?
which awards have been given to people who fought in the Battle of France?
How many people have been trained in an institute located in California?
Which composer subsequent work of Moondog Matinee and also composed The TImes They are A changin ?
Name whose youth club was FC Barcelona ?
What is the citizenship of Erastus Wiman ?
Does the Amazon River start in Arequipa Region?
Which is the nearest city to Elliott Bay ?
List the movie whose music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Which football teams is Shahid Khan proprietor to?
How many cities are around the sea in which the the fig tree bay meets?
What are all the prizes won by the writer of A Grand Day Out?
Count the number of families of the Animal kingdom.
Which magazine has publisher as Jann Wenner?
Where is the ground of the soccer club, which has Alan Kusov as a team member ?
Give the name of the river with source place as Australian Alps and has mouth place as Goolwa , a place in Siyuth Australia ?
Did Trish Stratus train Christina Crawford?
Who is the writer of the Cavalcade of America and The United States Steel Hour ?
Count the total religions followed by the ones living in England.
Name the cover artist of the adventure of Tom sawyer ?
Which river flows through both eastern and western washington?
What is the nationality of the golf player who won the  2002 Players Championship ?
Which companies are founded in the city of which Collin County Texas is a part?
Which home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow season is also the location of birth of the Svetlana Gounkina ?
Who is the former partner of Chris Knierim ?
How many different pole drivers are there, of the GPs when Renault was the first team?
What are all the TV shows which are related to the ones produced by Julie Gardner?
Name the parent company of  Ford Air Transport Service ?
How many people have worked in the band one of whose current member is Hynief?
Does Mt St. Peter Churt follow the architectural style of art deco?
King crimson has been recorded in which places?
Is william doyle the chairman of Georgetown university?
Count me all the video game distributor whose parent company is Warner Bros ?
Was Elizabeth Ann Seton canonized by Pope Paul VI?
Is Sao Paulo the largest city of Brazil?
Does Ford own the Ford Kansas Assembly plant?
Was David Gilmour a former member of Pink Floyd?
Which ppolitical party of Yashpal Kapur is also the owner of National Herald ?
Name the sstadium of 2015 Pro Duta FC season ?
What awards have been given to citizens of the Ottoman Empire?
List the state of the universities whose nation is United States ?
What are the software whose operating systems are Mac OS and Microsoft Windows?
Does the Utah State Route 162 end at Colorado?
Is jim harbaugh currently in the Michigan Wolverines?
How many awards have been received by graduates of University of Melbourne, Faculty of VCA & MCM?
To which books Thomas Egerton, an editor?
Was christina crawford trained by Booker T?
In how many places has Garbage recorded their songs?
What award was won by executive producer of Shaun the Sheep?
What is the television show whose opening theme's album is Cheers?
Which driver had the pole position in 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
How many different religions have economists followed?
What is the automobile platform of Chiva bus ?
What borders siberia?
How many had their debut team coached by Chip Kelly?
Did John Byrne create Emma Frost?
What is the device whose successor's CPU is by AMD?
Who was the coach of marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team-2012,13 season ?
What made Jon Speelman and Eric Schiller famous?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves ?
How many people currently play for Stoke City F.C.?
In how many different places can I find companies which were founded in toronto?
How many organizations own the website to which Jimmy Wales contributes?
List the former team of the american football players born in Pennsylvania ?
Through how many cities does the river flowing into Arkansas go?
who are the managers of england national under 20 football team?
Did Jim Kiick do his highschool in New Jersey?
What shows are on the networks which are from the United States?
Was the song The Boy is Mine recorded in Atlanta?
How many things do bridges designed by the UEM group go over?
Who is the fictional character who portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Which movies' music is composed by people associated with the band Yes?
What is the death place of the Marina Pankova and Viktor Ulyanich?
What famous work is derived from the one whose lyrics are written by Inma Gonzales?
How many services are there of the companies whose services is Web hosting service ?
By which university is the literary magazine named Stone Canoe published?
How many politicians are in the militia?
Name the rivers whose source country's capital is Lusaka?
Some movies whose screenplay is done by american born people?
Who is the narrator of The Price of Beauty ?
Enumerate all those who are in the Board of companies founded in New York?
Who did Bruce Bochy play for ? 
Was Michael Schumacher a pole driver in the 1999 GP?
How many universities participate in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision?
How many religion's people have died in Malaysia?
How many people have managed a club which owns the Riverside Stadium?
How many other wine region are there of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan ?
To which families does the Koolakamba belong ?
How many awards have screenwriters won?
List the countries through which European rout E39 and E8 passes ?
How many people work at the FBI?
Count the nearest city to the historic palce whose one of the nearest city is Wisconsin ?
What is the airline company has its headquarters in Dublin Airport?
What are some orthonychidae birds?
Is Dave Schulz a band member of Berlin?
Does MSX BASIC have a license of microsoft?
List the subsequent work of the albums whose one of the subsequent work is Planet Waves?
In which mountain Inyo National Forest and California are located?
Was the Incredibles released before Finding Nemo?
How many thesis were supervised by Ernest Rutherford?
What is the television show whose related with  Doctor Who Confidential?
What are the last two studio albums of Moondog Matinee ?
How many people currently play for the NYC FC?
Is Gutenberg neighbouring with Madiswil?
What is the total number of writers whose singles are recorded in Miami?
Daniel L D Granger and Job Durfee have based their political career in which US state?
Who are the employer of Don R. Berlin?
How many different mascots are there of the NCAA teams?
What is the river whose tributary is Zarqa River?
How many home stadiums are there of the seasons whose chairman in Merritt Paulson?
Give me the count of all the names of characters created by Frank Miller
Give me a count of bridges located in California ?
List the companies operating in Australia?
What all are in the states whose anthem is Ja, vi esker dette landet?
Which country are the players of the Atletico Petroleos de Luanda from?
Who owns the ford kansas assembly plant?
Which saints were the messengers of Islam?
Companies founded in Taiwan have typically which divisions?
What is the hub airport of Pawan Hans, and is also the largest city of India?
Name the source of Raa ?
Was Nick Jonas a member of the Jonas Brothers?
Movie's produced by Michael Deeley has Jordan Cronenweth as director of photography
Which cities have the river one of whose Tributary is the Missouri's big spring?
Which band was left by Kevin Jonas?
return some  players who have played in the NBA?
How many have been venerateds in Islam and Judaism?
What is the resting place of the politician who succeeded Samuel Hayes?
Is Amharic the official language of Ethiopia?
Which religion did both anupong paochinda and udit raj follow?
What is the source country of reg Lake ?
What is the television show whose cast members are Jeff Conaway and Jason Carter?
The successor of Ellsworth Bunker belongs to which religion?
Is God Save the Queen the national anthem of United Kingdom?
GetTV is owned by which organisation?
Was saddam hussein at the rank of Mushir ever?
How many factions were involved in the battles fought by Arthur St. Clair?
List borders of the admin region bordering Arctic ocean ?
Is Giorgos Kaminis the mayor of Athens?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders ?
Does Air 2000 fly to the north american continent?
How many players debuted their careers from San Francisco 49ers?
What movies have been written by authors of Monty Python ?
Did Bob Dylan write the lyrics of the times they are a changin'?
How many saints have been venerated in Judaism?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
Is James Wong Howe the cinematographer of Behave Yourself?
What awards have the alumni of Academy of Fine Arts in Lodz achieved?
How many TV shows are of the company which are of company which is a subsidiary of Big  Ticket Entertainment ?
Which are the predecessor of Chevrolet Caprice?
Name the sports played by Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Junior College?
Which athletics of Jaimatu Muslim Mindano is same as the genre of the Fritz Chess ?
In what battles did president Park Chung-hee participate?
Is stephanie a female?
What is the layout of the automobiles whose designer company is Olivier Boulay?
Count the number of religions followed by BJP members.
How many people have been the head coach for Middlesbrough FC?
Who was on the boards of Freedom of the City and Royal Society?
What games are played at universities in Lanao Del Sur?
What is the almamater of the president whose vice president was Enrique Jos Varona?
What is the architecture of First National Bank and Trust Building (Lima, Ohio) ?
In which states does the river flow whose left tributary is Toms Creek?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the director of The Haunted House (1929 film) ?
How many people won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society?
Stockholm is the HQ of how many things?
With whom were the engagements of Alpine Brigade Taurinense?
In how many different places have US people died?
What is the state of origin of Abbas Jafri ?
does the journal of cancer have the creative commons license?
Terry Pratchett has written about how many topics?
What is debut team of the baseball players who died in Los Angeles?
Who are the associated musical artist of the  artists of band Shorty Rogers?
Does the San Macros River start in Texas?
Which university's graduates have worked in the Quartermaster corps?
Which music band made Take Me There, and to which Tedd Riley was associated?
Does Silver Airways have a hub at the Washington Dulles International Airport?
What is the profession of William Luther Hill ?
What are the source of the streams whose one of the source is Calera, Oklahoma?
What is the serving railway line of Rostov-Glavny ?
Which company is located in Harris County, Texas?
Tell me the number of writers whose works have been recorded in Criteria Studios?
List all crafts of the people whose one of the profession is Kingdom of Naples ?
Was Apollo 11 a mission of Niel Armstrong?
What are the movies whose music composer uses a Hammond organ?
Did Paul Weatherwax an editor of Behave Yourself?
What ingredients are used in preparing the dish of Ragout fin?
How many television shows are broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company?
Where Everybody knows you is the theme album of which show ?
Does Ronaldinho play in the brazil's under 23 team?
How many movies were directed by the graduate of Burbank High School ?
What is on the border of the places which fall under crook county municipality, oregon?
Name the common architecture of the Grand Serail of Aleppo and Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
Who edited Easy street ?
Name everyone working for a company owned by Roman Abramovich.
Where does the river begin whose left tributary is Krapanski Potok?
How many people have coached the players of Middlesbrough FC?
Was Robert Burns from the Romanticist School of thought?
Count the number of region of AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central?
Give me a count of the services by the company which provides Data center as the services ?
List the people with Scientology as their religious belief?
Which program was on NBC network with executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Is the book The Buddha and his Dhamma a book about Buddhism?
Who is the person opposed  by Tom McLaury and Ike Clanton?
Who all have developed a cross platform software?
Who attended Great Ayton university?
Who is known for are War of 1812 and Battle of the Thames?
Count everything garrisoned at the pentagon?
How many rivers end in the Indian Ocean?
What non fiction subjects are covered in books by Doubleday publishers?
Find the total number of tenants of the stadium whose tenants was Toronto Marlies?
Who voiced in Peanuts Motion Comics and The Peanuts Movie?
Is Rain Over me in the planet pit album?
What is the total number of other restingplace of the politicians whose one of the restingplace is East Norwalk Historical Cemetery?
Count the total number of conflicts people who were part of conflict in afghanisthan ?
Which tennis players live in Kenthurst, new south wales?
Was Liliya Lobanova born in Ukraine?
Where was Sino-French War fought ?
List all the major shrines of the saints which has one of the shrines as Debre Libanos ?
What is the political party of Arun Chandra Guha and Indira Gandhi?
How many bacterias are there whose division is Firmicutes?
List things developed by Autoconf ?
Was His New Job edited by Charlie Chaplin?
Which person belongs to the board of Howard Hughes Medical Institute?
Which cover artist of the The Adventures of Tom Sawyer also the source of inspiration of The Appple Tree ?
In which common territory did Sino French war and the Tonkin campaign take place?
In which state is Colemanville Covered Bridge located ?
How many characters were made by Paul Dini?
What is the religion of the relatives of Ananda Weerasekara?
Is the song Only the Good Die Young from The Stranger?
Name the office holders whose successor died in Morristown, New Jersey?
What is the total number of other non-fiction subject of the books whose one of the subject is Racism?
What medals have been given to people who died of lung cancer?
Count the drinks originated in England.
Is Angola Avante the anthem of Angola?
Is the Providence Chapel, Charlwood made in New English style of architecture?
What is the river whose origin is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Is Tenzing Norgay  the first person to scale Mt. Everest?
In which country can I find the State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater and Baku Puppet Theatre?
What band was Afrika Baby Bam a part of, and often performed with Q Tip?
Count the water bodies that flow into the North Sea?
Where has GARAGE recorded its singles?
Was Ne Daj Se, Nina first aired in Croatia?
What is the military rank of the important commander of Peruvian Army?
What mammals fall into the biological family Canidae?
Name the writer of South Park: The Stick of Truth ?
Who is the authority of Maine School of Science and Mathematics ?
Give me the count of newspaper whose language is Sweedish and headquartered at stockholm ?
In how many places are the companies founded in Canada operating?
How many titles have been won by the beauty queens which had brown hair?
Who worked at  A Goon's Deed in a Weary World and CBS?
How many things are manufactured by the company whose subsidiary is Sony Corporation shareholders and subsidiaries?
Ford Air Transport Service and Falcon cobra are both owned by which company?
Which continents can be reached by flight companies available on Gatwick Airport?
Who trained the wrestlers who are billed in Wisconsin?
Who is the head coach of 2009-10 Middlesbrough F.C. season ?
Did Umkhonto we Sizwe had Nelson Mandela as a commander?
Whichlocation city of the Denver Broncos is the palce of birth of Steven Clark Cunningham ?
How many venues are located in the US?
Which vice president of Warren G. Harsing is also the president of Evans Hughes ?
Count all those whose youthclub performed at the 14-15 La Liga?
What city is it where Wayne Allard governs and Juli Ashton was born?
Count the number of broadcast area of the TV stations which serves in Agalga ?
Name the kingdom with currency Solidus (coin) and administrative headquarters in Nicomedia?
Is the assembly of tofa ahin ethopia?
Do Ctenochaetus Binotatus lie in the cActinopterygii class?
How many food items have an ingredient from the Sapindales family?
How many movies have had a cinematographer who died in US?
Does Stanley Cavell study Shakespeare?
Name the largest city of the country where the body of Amit Saigal was discovered?
Where is the hometown of A Bartlett Giamatti?
Who won the silver medal when the bronze was won by Yang Yilin?
Name the office holder with associate as Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus and has a kid named Augustus?
Who are the predecessors of John Randolph of Roanoke?
Is fox belong to the phylum of Chordate?
Does Abdelhameed Amarri currently play for Khartoum?
List TV shows with producer as Erik Bork and company is DreamWorks Television ?
Name the awards that have been given to the writer made famous for Creature Comforts?
Who produces the tv series which made Scott Haran famous?
Give me a count on associates of Johnny Cash?
What is a salthill?
Who is the musician of Before I let you Go ?
What is the Ceremonial County of Port of Tilbury ?
What is the ideology of the Union of Cambodian Democrats which is also the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
What is the honorary title of the narrator of Everything Will Be OK?
Does the white river flow into the connecticut river{u'_id': u'97e02dcf44aa43c1b7cc7a7c155b118f',
What is the total number of other destinations of the airlines whose one of the destinations is Mediterranean Sea?
List the software developed by Shawn Fanning ?
Count the number of things people who know linguistics are known for ?
Does mumbai manage the railway line going to the daund railway junction?
Through which counties does the road go which starts at the Port Klang?
Under which president did some politicians live in Kensington?
What awards were given to the producer of Chicken Little?
Whose children died in North Bend, Ohio?
What is the governing body of Burro Flats Painted Cave ?
Is Lieutenant general (United States) the superintendent of United States Air Force Academy?
Where did the conflict take place in which Henri Putz fought?
Name the series of Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth ?
Is Lyndon bridge a kind of Truss bridge?
What water bodies have primary inflows sa Kemijoki?
In which nation does the league take place where C.D. Primeiro de Agosto play?
Colin Powell was the commander of which military conflict ?
Enumerate the cars related to the ones assembled in Toluca?
Where can I find companies which originated in Canada?
Which school of jack mcGregor attend which was also the training center of William Anthony ?
What is the university to which Erica Frank went, and where Ivan Toplak was a club manager?
What is the hometown of the residents of Martha's vineyards?
Which companies have launched a rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force station?
Does the north carolina highway 280 end in Arden?
How many people are buried in the Mausoleum of Augustus?
How many soccer manager have been in the Spain nation football team?
Name the writer whose one of the notable work is Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and died in Redding, Connecticut?
What sports are played in schools in Vashi?
Who owns the radio stations in Alabama?
Was Johnny Depp a member of Skull Gang?
How many sports are played at the university whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
Scientists at the University of Queensland have won which awards?
Who is the owner of  Latvian Wikipedia and Wiktionary ?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
name the Glover's distributer ?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
How many shows belong to the network one of whose sister station is Cartoonite?
who are all the people who have managed the England's under 20 soccer team?
Moscow-Kazan high speed railway starts from which station?
Where are all the protected areas near Bend, Oregon?
Does the hudson river flow into the lower manhatten?
In how many places did Julian Leow Beng Kim study?
What is the common university iof vanderbilt Commodores and also the college of hubert Wiggs ?
Which royal people are buried in Rome?
How many movies have been directed by almunies of Parsons School of Design?
Give me a count on scientist who are known for garrison is Tennessee ?
Was einstein a doctoral student of Alfred Kleiner?
Is the Mount St Peter Church made in the international architectural style?
What is the state of origin of Thomas Pfyl ?
How many movies have been cinematographed by Jordan Cronenweth?
List the language of Kunsten Museum of moder art Aalborg ?
Name a military unit whose command structure is United States Department of the Navy and garrison is Arlington County, Virginia?
List the relative of Tim Nanai-Williams ?
Count the  origin of the beverages which have been originated in england /
What is the river that falls into North Sea and Thames Estuary?
Count all the stateless people
State the religion of the person known for People's Bank (Sri Lanka) ?
For how many cities's teams did David Bowens play?
what are some neighboring cities of Pregny Chambsy?
How many honorary title are there of the scientists who has  Australian of the Year award  ?
What is the total number of companies who use a language designed by Bjarne Stroustrup?
Which job of Irving Chernev is the non-fiction subject of the Thud ?
What is the political party of the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru ?
Which units are garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
What are the mountains in the Sequoia National Park?
Name the city of Duwamish River ?
In which country is Sierra del Merendin?
Give me a count of everything made by the company which offers electronical manufacturing too.
Who is the vice president of Jared Bernstein ?
Which teams have used the stadium whose architect was Populous ?
How many non-fiction subject are there of the books whose one of the non-fiction subject is Ankh-Morpork City Watch ?
How many contries surround the seas on the banks of which is the city of Cancun?
List all the settlements which has a part named Seguin,Texas ?
List all the wine regions of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Mississippi ?
How many organizations work for Environmentalism?
What are the organisation founded in Texas and Dallas?
List the members of Skull Gang?
Count the movies directed by Tim Burton and music composer Danny Elfman ?
People who debuted from Houston Astros have played in which clubs?
What sport played at Islamic azad uni employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Where are Solidus and Aureus used?
Foxy Brown was associated with which band?
Whose military units are VMF-218 and VMF-155?
How many non fiction topics does Thud! deals with?
Is Steve Nash the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
Did Christian Barnard study in the University of Minnesota?
Is the national anthem of Mauritius motherland?
What is the municipality of the Homestead Grays Bridge and Roberto Clemente Bridge?
List the home town of the people who have Ontario as one of it ?
Pennsylvania has how many american football teams?
How many teams have someone playing at the defenceman position?
Count the number of different religions that field marshals have followed?
Did Annie Leibovitz do the cover of The Road Ahead?
What is the stylistic origin of Wizard rock ?
Count the  area of the radio stations whose serves in South Carolina ?
Who  has these major shrines  : Emmitsburg, Maryland and Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton?
Name a few whose live in a place where Indian English is an official language
What is the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski?
List the awards given to the important people of Aardman Animations?
From what american football teams did Carlos Emmons play?
Who is the person whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School?
Relatives of Moses used to follow which religions?
What sports are played at institutes affiliated by the Association of Southeast Asian Institutes of Higher Learning?
What sport amongst the one Lagos Preparatory School practices, did Willian Garne play for?
Count the different places where the people died, who were born in England?
What is the territory of the conflict whose commander is Feng Zicai?
Is The Universe in a Single Atom a book about buddhism?
What are the famous Uni Toronto scientists known for?
How many veterans are buried in the US?
Count the PhD students whose thesis are supervised by National Medal of Science winners?
Count number of people who follow a religion which has an important office in Gold Base ?
In which mountain range does the Rochers De Naye lie?
Murray Gold has composed music for how many things?
Count the number of other product of the banks whose one of the product is Wealth management ?
How many people have led agencies in German occupied Europe?
What is the citizenship of Saima Chowdhury?
How did Letitia MacTavish Hargrave died ?
Which are the  automobile platform whose one of the automobile platform is Dodge ?
How many molluscas are there whose families are Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
Name the person whose parent is Pattie Mallette?
Was Mark Twain a character of Mark Twain Tonight?
In how many different stadiums are the seasons of the 2015 NA Soccer league held?
What is the county of Saint Lucia national cricket team ?
Who operates the Ganz UV?
Who is the publisher of The Rolling Stone Album Guide ?
What is the state of the administrative region where Oscoda, Michigan is located?
Which  institution of the Alton Ochsner is the alma mater of the Michael Hahn ?
How many times has Jeff Conaway been casted?
Kendall Jenner has how many relatives?
How many people were drafted in the LA Clippers?
In which wars did commanders born in Indochina fight?
CN Atletic-Barceloneta has a stadium in Barcelona?
Is morrissey in the smiths?
In how many different wars have people graduated from the Army Command and General staff college fought?
Was the street dogs of south central narrated by Queen Latifah?
What fictional character's species is American Pekin duck
How many books are there whose author's tomb is in Madrid?
What are the bridges whose located in California?
Name the common sports played at Polytechnic University of Philippines San Juan and Islamic Azad University?
Ryan Seacrest has been the presenter of how many things?
Give me a count of companies located in Texas ?
Did the New Way party merge in the One Israel party?
What are the television shows whose network is BBC HD?
Name  some ww1 veterans?
Was John Muir the first one to ascend one of the peaks in the cathedral peak?
What is the television show whose previous work is The Spirit of Christmas (short film)?
List the authors of the musicals whose songwriter is Richard M. Sherman.
What is the river on which the Kariba Dam and Batoka Gorge Hydroelectirc power station exist?
Is the College Sainte Marie in Mauritius?
Danny Felice, the Gibraltarian guitarist is from which city?
How many things are people who died in St. Petersburg known for?
Count all those whose youth club was managed by Luis Enrique.
How many areas are led by Willem Alexander?
What sports are played in schools where Swahili is the official language?
Count the awards received by Immunologists?
What is the occupation of the people who are born in Iowa?
Does Heydar mean the same as a lion?
How many managers have managed Middlesbrough FC?
What sport is Eric Schiller known for, and employes Craig Van Tibury?
Which minister was responsible for Kriminalpolizie?
How many awards have been awarded to people who are buried in Glendale, California?
What is the river whose mouth is in deadsea?
List all those whose relatives' nationality is United States.
How many people were in a youthclub which played in the Argentine Primera Division?
Where does the river flows into, which starts in Gredelj?
Did chris lebenzon edit Batman returns?
What artist was associated closely with the bare necessities and rock a doodle?
Was Let it Be written by Ringo Starr?
How many artists are signed up with Celluloid Records?
In what tv shows did Jason Carter act?
Which television shows have been produced by Erik Bork?
List the birthplace of the medicians who studied in Harvard.
Name some Texas based companies ?
Was John Boehner the winner of the US House of Representatives elections in Ohio in 2010?
By whom is the broadcaster network Bounce TV founded?
Where did the people beatified by Pope Pius X die?
How many other family of the mammals exists  whose family is also Hominidae ?
Name the country with currency as Aureus ?
Who were the pole drivers in GP when Damon hill was a first driver?
How many awards have royal designers for industry awardwinners got?
List the relatives of the governor of Gabriel Slaughter?
Which party won both the general electoin and the andhra pradesh election in 2004?
How many games are released for virtual consoles?
Which airlines fly to Gimhae International Airport?
To what political party do the politicians graduated from Somerville college, Oxford belong to?
Where did Wallace Dollase die?
Where did the people canonized by John Paul II die?
Where is Denver Broncos located ?
What is the river which comes from Southend-on-Sea mountain?
Count the total number of academic discipline of the journals whose one of the academic discipline is Neuroimaging ?
Count the different religions practiced by people who are in the Malaysian and Chinese association.
Name few companies where don berlin and michael sears have worked together?
Was John of Damascus canonized by Anglican Communion?
Was George Cash in the western australian parliament?
Name the TV show broadcasted by Fox and presented by Ryan Seacrest ?
Where do bachelor of arts live?
How many people live in the Beverly Hills, California?
Horses grandsired by Sundridge  have won which awards?
What is the layout of Subaru Legacy (second generation) ?
Who are the people who died in a place architected by Jens Jensen
Which operator of ganz UV is also the nationality of the Gza Horvth ?
What was the career of some people who have committed suicide?
Is Pittsburgh Steelers the former team of Marv McFadden?
What is the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
Name the institute of Alton Ochsner ?
Who won the general elections in India in 2009, and had also won the AP elections in 2004 ?
Is Ian Thorpe the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics  Men's 100 metre freestyle?
How many cities are around the sea in which the ionian sea flows?
Was James maker in the band Noko?
How many different genres of games can I find which are compatible with the Commodore 64?
Does Lionel Messi play in the Argentina National Football Team?
Does the owyhee river flow into oregon?
Was X the Unknown edited by James needs?
Which company owns Sony bank ?
Who is the president of United World College of Costa Rica ?
who was the president under whom winston bryant served as a lieutenant?
Is Essex the Ceremonial County of West Tilbury?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
Count all the books written by an author buried in the Convent of Barefoot Trinitarians?
Who were some governmental heads in Nazi Germany?
What is the total number of office holders who preceded the people working under president bill clinton?
What is the sovereign state of the Dafydd Benfras where Jasmine Lowson is also citizen of ?
How many people are buried in the Winchester Cathedral?
What is the colour of Red Marauder ?
List the territory of Tonkin Campaign ?
Is wizard rock inspired from Harry potter?
What is the route start of Capitol 400 ?
Who made the Y block engine and the SHO V8 engine?
With which musical artist is the music group which sung Mind Blowin' related to ?  
How many subjects have been covered in fantasy novels?
Players from how many teams have participated in the National Hockey League?
Who are some US colonels?
How many places were ruled by Elizabeth II?
Which awards have been given to scientists that graduated from NKU athens?
Name the club of Julie Hastings ?
What is the death location of the scientist who is the known authority of Hallopus ?
Artists trained at art students league NY are buried where?
Whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
Who are the people who played for San Francisco 49ers?
Was Francisco Pizarro of the monarch of Charles 5, of the roman empire?
Which prime ministers were served by the governor who appointed Murray Gleeson?
What are the movies whose music composer is Akira Ifukube?
Which adminstrative region of Lawrence F. Cafero is also the resting place of Samuel Keeler ?
What is the mouth mountain of Current River (Missouri) ?
Is Azerbaijan the membership of European Go Federation?
How many albums did the maker of The Band produce?
Did Joe Namath did his highschool in Beaver Falls High School?
Which work is both Neil Cross and Lars Pearson both known for ?
What are some non fiction subjects dealt with in fantasy novels?
What are the awards won by the producer of Puss in Boots (film)?
Name the debut team of Butch Metzger ?
What are some relatives of the spouse of Uncle henry from Oz?
Foxconn makes how many things?
In which racing championships did Bobby Beasley and Martin Molony participate?
What currencies are used in the countries which have been governed by Francois Hollande?
Where did the office holder died who also have faith in Episcopal Church ?
Is Another Lonely Night in New York by the musical band Robin Gibb?
List all the developers of the Oddworld series?
is ANYway in the Quack album?
What are the political parties whose leaders have lived in the Prime Minister's House?
What is a common ingredient used in boyt Blodpalt and Kaszanka ?
Is the Chiva Bus by the Ford Motor Company?
From how many different places have participants of Breeders's Cup Turf come?
Was Lionel Messi a member  of the 2009 FIFA World Cup squads?
Name the company founded by Jim Harris located in Harris County, Texas ?
Give me the count of tenants of the stadia whose one of the tenants is Toronto Furies?
what kind of things play on WBIG FM?
What is the serving railway line of Warwick railway station, Perth ?
Who wrote the subsequent work of One Day at a Time (Em's Version) ?
What are the birth place of the people who are the star of Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge?
Count the number of tenants whose one of the tenant is Toronto Phantoms ?
Which company manufactured Delta III?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Essex and river mouth is North Sea?
What genres of games are available on the Commodore 64?
What is the protected area whose nearest city is Kenya?
How many companies have launched their rockets from the Vandenerg Air base?
Is Anne Hidalgo the mayor of Paris?
Which college has been attended  by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
Was Duanne Allman famous for playing the Gibson SG?
Is Maldives a member ofof South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation?
For how many things are people famous, who were born in Nebraska?
What is the political party of the Satish Kumar Sharma which is also the political party of Manthena Venkata Raju?
Name a famous relative of barry voight
Which company developed both Dart and Go?
What awards have been given to some screenwriters?
List the people who were the first one to climb a mountain in California?
Who are the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Which peak was first scaled by Krzysztof Wielicki?
How many movies have a screenplay located in the States?
Is Ingo Steuer the formercoach of Stanislav Morozov?
How many cars can I find related to the cars which have a V8 engine?
what cities are close by LoDaisKa ?
List the softwares which runs on Microsoft Windows and has license as Software as a service?
List the movies produced by Michael Deeley ?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whose one of the sports is baketball ?
In which state is the team, which has John Roeslein?
Where has the employee of Columbia Records  worked ?
Which sport at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the field of Jon speelman ?
What are the sports played by the universities who also plays taekwondo ?
Which senator served in military units VMF-155 and VMF-218?
How many members are there of the organization headquartered at Amstelveen?
Does the Ontario International Airport serve the Inland Empire?
Give me list of people who were the first to climb a peak in the Yosemite park?
Who is the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
Count the number of first drivers in all the GPs where Mika Hakkinen was a first driver?
Is the Kia Sportage similar to the Hyundai Lavita?
Which river has its roots in Baikal Mountains?
How many nations' volleyball players have played for the Russian women volleyball team?
Name the tiemzone of Banlung ?
Does Mauritius follow a parliamentary republic?
In how many places was the album of King Crimson recorded?
In how many teams have people previously played who play as defencemen?
What is the total number of regions served by the companies which also serves Australia?
Count the number of important works done by the writers of The Second Coming?
Who is the composer of Girl from the North Country ?
who owns the ship Victoria?
Give me everything owned by networks which is lead by Steve Burke?
For which teams did Ryan Powell play for?
List the battles in which alumni of US Army Command and General Staff College fought?
Name the city with leader as Esther Alder and neighboring municipality as Pregny-Chambsy?
How many other ingredient are there in the foods whihh have one of the ingredient as Potato ?
Who are the founders of Iskra ?
What sports are played at Vishwajyot High School?
Who is the person whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes?
How many cars are similar to the ones assembled in the Jefferson North Assembly?
Who are in the board of Jimmy Wales ?
What is the leading party in Baraily which Chandra Shekhar too is associated with?
Was elizabeth ann seton beatified by Pope John XXIII?
Give me a count of all the producers of all the movies whose music was done by James Horner?
Count everyone who was in the military unit which is structured like the Marine Aircraft Group 13 ?
Which state does Jerome B. Chaffee belong ?
Who is the writer of Neverwhere (radio play) ?
What is the musical whose music is by Jose Luis Narom,  based upon?
How many TV shows' networks are headquarterd in NY?
What are some seas inside europe ?
Which river's source place is Gloucestershire and mouth in North Sea?
which award has been won by Claudia Moro?
How many schools have a bison as their mascot?
Where was Henri, Duke of Rohan laid to rest?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is also the alma mater of John Michael Seabright ?
Does the lena river flow into the Laptev Sea?
How many ideologies do the political party of Boonchu Rojanastien hold?
Who owns a bridge in Boston?
Count the different types of Flatbread ?
The Other Side has hosted how many guests?
Was Zachary taylor a major general?
For which team did both Butch Metzger and Brian Horwitz debuted ? 
To which senator did military unit VMF-155 belong?
Who discovered Callisto ?
Does Shaun Thong a member of Audi?
Where does the river end, into which the Rakitnica flows?
Where is the tombstone of the parliament members who served with James Roberts as the Vice President, US?
Do the west coast airlines fly to seattle?
Who was the silver medalist of Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics  Women's artistic individual all-around ?
Who  works  at the American Magazine and New York Post?
Who founded the city at the end of the Pittsburgh Line route?
How many developers were involved in creating games whose score is composed by Gerard Marino?
Which source of river Raa is the sovereign state of Adriatic sea ?
Count the key people of the Clinton Foundation?
Give me someone on the board of trinity house?
Count  the journals in the field of Philosophy.
Where did the film director of Kala Pani die?
Does Timothy Morton study Buddhism?
How many people are in the continental army?
List all the former partners of the figure skater whose one of the former partner was Andrea poapst ?
Which band made the song Take me There, and has collaborated with Blayse in the past?
How many things are aired on BBC HD?
How many have order (taxonomy) as Bacillales and division as Firmicutes are there?
How many have company as Paramount Television and network as NBC are there?
How many airlines have a hub at an airport run by LA World Airports?
Which are the television show which have been created by Donald Wilson?
Did Jerry Siegel create Lois Lane?
Who is the former partner of the figure skater which was the former partner of Brynn Carman ?
England is the origin of how many things?
What is the common debut team of the Butch Metzger and Dan Otero?
What religion is followed by the commander of Defense Security Command?
Is Albert P Clark buried in Colorado?
For how many things are americans famous for?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Ulsan?
Which musical artists have collaborated with Waylon Jennings?
where did soccer bowl take place in 76?
How many movies were cinematographed by Jordan Cronenweth?
Give me a count of airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
Did Alexandre Tichonov study at the Moscow university?
Name the river whose source place is Gloucestershire and mouth place is Southend-on-Sea ?
How many members are there in the European Go Federation?
Momoko Kchi has acted in which movie ?
List all the notable works of  Russell T Davies?
Which shows are similar to the ones produced by Phil Collinson?
How many movies did Michael Deeley produce?
Spanish harlem incident was composed by whom ?
Count the movies edited by  Mark Stevens (film editor) and were directed by Joel Schumacher?
Enumerate all the first teams of the GPs which were held in Watkins Glen, NY?
List some songwriters whose work has been recorded in Miami?
Elizabeth Alexander and Jared Bernstein served under which Vice President?
Which citys mayor is anne hidalgo?
Count the number of movies whose distributor is RKO Pictures and director of photography is Gregg Toland?
What is the division of Serbia national American football team ?
Does Cohoes a junction on the NY State Route 470?
Who are the biological parents of Dannielynn Birkhead?
Was Morrissey a member of the Smiths?
Name the river with source as Columbia Lake and river mouth is located in Clatsop Country ?
Give me a count of movies whose music composer is Bernard Herrmann?
Is my truly truly fair the band of mitch miller?
Name the sovereign state of Wallington railway station ?
Count all the Colonels?
Where is the main ground of soccer seasons whose chairman is Ronaldo?
Which destination of the Novair International Airway is the source origin of Spaghetti squash ?
Who all have been canonized by Pope Paul VI
Who are the parent  of the people that  has POD as Redding, Connecticut ?
Who produces the trains operated by the MTR?
What is the second track list of Dschinghis Khan (song) ?
Who was the influencer of Dave Attel who also starred in Adios Amigo?
Which politicians live in a city led by T.S. Thakur?
Give me the count of artist in the company whose Artist is Jean- François Coté ?
How many universities are located in a country led by Olemic Thommessen?
Did Jerry Rice study in Oktoc Mississippi?
To which family does korean fox belongs to ?
Food in which countries has shallot in it?
What is the route end of NorthSouth Transport Corridor ?
Did Carolyn Heinrich study at the Vanderbilt?
To which company is Michael Dell a father company? 
How many cars succeeded the cars which were similar to Cadillac Fleetwood?
Which mainter of  Cheasty Boulevard South is also the county seat of the King County, Washingtonsu ?
Was andy warhol a part of Pop Art movement?
What is the academic discipline of Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism ?
What team has Sam Keller and Jim McMilin played for?
What religions do diplomats typically follow?
What are the universities where athletics is regulated by National Collegiate Athletic Association?
Was Don't Bring Me Down recorded in West Germany?
Name the person whose relation is Dee Dee Warwick?
who are some miss michigan usa?
Give the name of the  managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
Whose relatives are Uncle Henry (Oz) and Aunt Em?
Give me the count of interests of the philosopher whose primary interest is Metaphysics ?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood?
Was Henry Knox a major general?
List the common prime minister of the Robert Ray and graham richardson ?
Cleopatra V of Egypt is father to which royalty?
Name the award given in Norway and presented by Swedish Academy ?
How many TV show has distributor located in Burbank California ?
How many people have been canonized by Pope Benedict XVI?
List the total number of awards of the musicals who have won Tony Award?
What are the binomial authority of Menetries's warbler?
Does Sonny Bill Williams belong in the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs club?
What are the prizes awarded to the main members of DisneyToon Studios?
Is greasy pop recording the distributor of festival records?
List the party of the office holder which also has the affiliation with Congress Socialist party ?
Through which states does the road go, which has a junction on Keningston Maryland?
Who is the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
How many factions have fought when Egushawa was a commander?
How many titles were given to people who engaged in the Operation Dragoon?
How many other important things has the painter of Sarah Jane Adventures done?
Count all the universities who participated in the tournament won by Alabama Crimson Tides in 2015 ?
Did Raymond Picard take birth in Paris?
What is the currency of the country of Kerguelen Islands?
What were the occupations of Marcus Floyd?
How many different things are used as ingredients in Sweden?
In which places do companies founded in Newcastle operate?
Under which president did Loretta Ucelli and Ann Lewis hold an office?
Paul Leonard's work can be divided into how many series?
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in  California?
Where did Marvo originate?
In which company's boards does the founder of Bomis sit?
How many religion's commanders have served in the Royal Thai Army?
What do craig Van tilbury and karen Grigorian do for a living?
Is Denver the largest city of Colorado?
List the universities from a country where Norwegian language is officially accepted.
Name the capital of Barony of Caux ?
List the launch site of the rockets whose one of the launch site has been Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 26 ?
In how many nations can I find people related to the feminist movement?
Name the home ground of  2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
Count the awards won by the people who graduated from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
who was the president under which Joe Purcell is a lieutenant?
Does the Jordan River start in the Golan Heights?
Name the wine regions of Bogdanua ?
In which company is Raymond Conner at an important position?
Give me a count of movies whose film editor is Anthony Harvey?
Which species' members are there in the animal kingdom?
Is camel  of the chordate phylum?
Which company had built the rockets launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17?
Who is the leader of Allgemeine SS ?
How many important works have been done by Russel Davies?
From where does the river Upper Neretva start flowing?
Joe Shuster has created how many comics character ?
In which part of the world can i find Xynisteri and Mavro?
What did Steven T Mason's father die from?
Collect and return a list of things in the area where Spanish language is used?
What made jo garcia and merritt cabal both famous?
Is GIMP written in C?
Who is the founder of Pittsburgh ?
How many different genres led to other genres where drums are important?
How many people have played for the NBA?
How many people played for Newell's Old Boys?
To which american football teams does the Heinz Field serve as home stadium?
Who wrote the US steel hour?
What is the occupation of the band members of The Shirelles?
Which tv series have a score composed by judy hard angelo?
Count the total number of cast member of the television shows whose actress is Joey McIntyre?
How many awards have the french people received?
Where is the VP buried, which was served by Frederick Cooke?
does the US navy have the structure of command of us department of defence?
Through which label has Katy B released her singles?
What is the route end of Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway ?
What is the municipality of Homestead Grays Bridge ?
In how many nations does Rhaetian Railways own train stations?
Who had headed the governmental agencies whose admin HQ was in Niederkirchnerstrasse?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash ?
Name the commander of Battle of the Thames ?
Count the number of  sport played by the school which also plays Association football ?
Give me the total number of Guests of the television episodes whose one of the  Guests is Michael Cristofer?
Were the 1995 south pacific games hosted in tahiti?
Give me an estimate number of races where horses grandsired by the Wild Risk have raced in?
Count the number of books whose author's were born in Alcal de Henares ?
What is the name of the person who has relations with Dionne Warwick and Gary Garland?
Which military battles are associated with Israel?
Which city has it's landmark as Cheasty Boulevard South?
Who are the architect of the stadium whose one of the architect is louis D. Astorino ?
What are some short story kind of Books?
Which notable series of Russell T Davies is also the series of Short Trips: A day in the life ?
Mazhar Ul Haq High School, Beerwah is affiliated to Islamic Religion
Give me all tv shows which are based in boston and massachusetts?
Count all the awards which were presented by something located in California.
what are some players of England national football team?
What water bodies are nearest to Helsinki city?
Find the total number of  ingredient of the recepies whose ingredient is common Mushroom ?
What is the official language of Ladonia, which is the target area of Probus Journal?
How many teams have used the stadiums which have been rented by the Canadian Hockey team?
How many TV shows are similar to the ones belonging to fantasy genre?
Is facebook a public company?
What religions are followed by economists?
Is Rajya Sabha a house of parliament in India?
Was Gerald Gibbs the cinematographer of X the unknown?
List the trainers of Shinya Aoki ?
How many software run on operating system is Microsoft Windows?
How many teams have rented stadiums in Canada?
How many games have a composer who worked for the Creatures?
How many awards have been given to the participants of the Lawrence Realization Stakes?
Total number of places where people drafted in the detroit pistons have died?
Where did Paul Jones do his highschool?
Bud Adams owns which american football team?
Give me all martial artists trained by Joe Schilling.
Name the common institution of the Erica Frank and Douglass North?
What is the ethicity of Ted Falon?
Who are the astronauts associated with NASA?
What is the county seat of Moscow Governorate ?
ARM Architecture acts as a game platform for how many things?
What all has been created by Jerry Siegel?
Is David Cameron the prime minister of Nick Clegg?
Cricket is played by which countries' citizens?
Does Saneh Lungkeaw play for the Thailand's national team?
Who all have been presenters on shows by the NBC?
What tv shows were born out of a collaboration of playtone and dreamworks?
Who all have written songs that were then recorded in the Criteria Studios?
What are all the religions that have been followed by the Sir Lankan attorneys?
What are the central characters in spy kids series?
Through how many labels has Katy B released her singles?
How many people have written for Gangan Comics?
Is William H Blanchard buried in Colorado?
Name the common institute of Robert hall and Erica Frank ?
How many other important work has been done by the writers of Sarah Jane Adventures?
Is GIMP written in GTK+?
Whose families are Buccinoidea and Buccinidae?
In how many places are the tombs of people who died in Connecticut Colony?
How many shows are aired on Comedy Central?
Where does the river flow into which begins in Lebrsnik?
What is the colour of Xocolatlite ?
How many movies are directed by the spouse of Dolores del Ro?
Name the loocation of Lekh Castle which is also the location of SamurAbsheron channel ?
what mountains are in sierra nevada?
Was True Grit a novel of the western genre?
Name the wine regions of Baco noir?
Name the president of Wyche Fowler ?
Name the parts of the settlements which has New Braunfels as one of the parts ?
How many party are there of the office holders whose one of the party is Janata Dal ?
name the home stadium of FC Spartak Moscow season 2011-12
How many causes of death have been associated with American citizens?
Is Bluebird the grandsire of Miss Potential?
Is semnani one of the languages spoken in Iran?
Who made the singles on the famous album Aida?
Who is the associate of Thomas Bryan Martin ?
What sport played in Polytechnic uni of San Juan has also made advocate nasiruddin famous?
List the academic discipline of the journals whose one of the discipline is neuro imaging ?
Which countries were led by Pietro Parolin?
was the first national bank and trust building architectured by Chicago?
Where does the road starting from Madison, Wisconsin end?
What are the movies written by Nick Castle?
How many bands began in Birmingham?
How many athletic associations are there in all of the private universities?
Name the Chris Marve's school ?
In how many areas do the networks broadcast, which also broadcasts in North Carolina?
Name the movie whose director of photography is Gregg Toland and Bernard Herrmann was the music composer?
What are the awrds won by Laemmle Theatres ?
People of which religion have been the members of parliament, and are from the Kalutara Electoral district?
Give me a count of movies distributed by Warner Bros?
From how many different cities have people gone to the Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball?
Did nokia 215 has the series 30+ OS?
Sampson Cudjoe plays for the Ghana national team?
How many owners owned the clubs participating in the Premier leagues of '14?
Which writer of A literary Nightmare also extended the work of The Apple tree ?
How many licensee are there, of the radio stations whose area is Nashville, Tennessee ?
How many people are in the band with Juelz Santana?
In which country is the Duong river?
Was Elton John a chairman of a Watford FC Season?
List the common official language of the ladonia and Empire of Atlantium ?
Does the stylistic origins of Plena lie in the Caribbean?
Whose album is Haiti, I am sorry?
In which other places are there companies which are in Ontario, too?
Where did the music genre of Harry and the Potters originate?
Who directed The Haunted House ?
For how many movies are there whose musicians home town is in Volos ?
What is the religion of the member of parliament who is a relative of Sarathchandra Rajakaruna?
what awards have been given to A. Peter Dewey?
From how many different places did the weapons used in the American Indian wars originate?
From where does the river start, which flows into the Conowingo dam?
What is the total number of politicians whose predecessor's deputy is Jenny Macklin?
Count all the shows whose music composers are in Oysterhead.
In which timezone does Khok Kwang lie?
How many bands have members currently playing the Fender Stratocaster?
Which country has leaders  Karu Jayasuriya and Ranil Wickremesinghe?
List the software which uses Microsoft Windows as their operating system ?
How many religions have the relatives of waxiangs followed?
What kind of games does Blizzard games develop?
Which expertise of the Menetries's warbler is the  nationality of the Jeyhun Abiyev ?
In how many places can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
List all the bands which have members of the band Guy in them?
Name a fictional character whose relative is Uncle Henry and species is Human?
What is the draft team of Dale Mitchell (ice hockey) ?
Was the skeleton dance animated by Walt Disney?
To which educational institutions did Lesli Sanchez go for her studies?
Who was the coach of 1972 Oakland Raiders season ?
How many developers make softwares for Unix like operating systems?
What is the religion of the ones in the Kampuchean Union of Salvation?
List the employments of people who died in Tampa, Florida.
List the destination of Novair International Airways ?
How many states are in the Mediterranean Basketball Association?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Frasier and opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Where is the football team located in which Josh Bell did his debut?
Who was engaged in wars of Fort Gadsden and Fort Barrancas?
What are some awards given to people who were born in sweden?
Is Hard Candy Fitness one of the divisions of Moscow?
Is WP 8.1 the OS on Lumia 830?
Do the polet airlines fly to moscow?
Is Trevor Peacock the narrator of Fred Claus?
What all are written in the C programming language?
List the producer of the TV shows whose company is HBO.
Is Andrew Lincoln the narrator of Million Dollar Traders?
List all the operators of the train who operates in Budapest ?
Is Eddie Bravo the trainer of Alan Jouban
What are some common ingredients used in Swedish dishes?
Where did the genres originate, which were in the Harry and the Potters album?
Whose former teams are Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Name the river with mouth palce Essex and source place as Gloucestershire ?
Was Castillo discovered by Galileo?
What are the common sports played by jamiatu Muslim mindanao and Polytechnic University of Philippines Taguig ?
Among the countries using Aureus as currency which had Nicomedia as an important place ?
Who are the trainersof Candice Michelle?
Does StandBy records distribute via Sony?
Name the music artist which collaborated with the spouse of Jessi Colter?
Who is the prime minister of the successor of Kingsley Wood?
which band was Roger waters in?
Is Seattle the Ship builder of USS Marmora (IX-189)?
Was Beth Tweddle primarily coached by Amanda Reddin?
What is the Band whose band member is Mark Middleton?
Was the cover of The adventures of Tom Sawyer designed by Mark Twain?
Which president of William Eustus also married to Dolley Madison ?
Is Charles Drummond Ellis a doctoral student of James Chadwick?
How many kings and queens have died in the Arabian Peninsula?
What team did Joe Porter and Eddie Anderson play for?
Producers of what have died in Mississippi?
How many universities are there whose country's capital is Oslo?
Current players of Colorado Avalanche have previously played for how many different teams?
Was 2658 Gingerich invented in Harvard?
How many other people are in a band with Robert de Niro?
Is Philosophy the academic discipline of Think (journal)?
What is the highschool of the american football player who joined the Robert Morris Colonials program?
Who is associated  with the musical artists from Africa '70 (band) and Tony Allen ?
How many religions are followed by the group whose architectural style can be seen on Sanggar Agung?
Name the other wine region of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan?
Which shows' opening themes was used to make If We Were a Movie?
Does GeneWeb have the GPL license?
Josef Bhler belongs to which political party?
What are the beverages whose origin is England?
List down the opponents of Frank Stilwell?
How many subjects are covered in the publications of Doubleday?
Is Olyokma River the right tributary of Lena River?
What is the debut team of the football player whose college is UCLA Bruins football?
What is the capital of the region which maintains the South Park Bridge ?
Who has military branches are Colonial troops and Continental Army?
In how many places has Don R. Berlin worked?
Was Heinrich Himmler ever a commanders of Army Group Oberrhein?
Name the cause of death of Martino Martini ?
What is the total number of fictional characters whose created by  Greg Daniels and series is The Office (U.S. TV series)?
Fairfield, Connecticut is hometown to which persons?
Which administrative region leader is Sukhumbhand Paribatra and was founded by  Rama I?
Is Luigi Brugnaro the mayor of Venice?
Where did Allama Matthews study?
Politicians born in Bangalore are now in which parties?
What is the nationality of the chancellor who was served by Michael Mayr?
Is joel quenneville the main coach of Chicago Blackhawks?
Quebec born ice hockey players have stopped playing for which teams?
How many genres gave birth to other genres which emphasize Bass Guitars?
Who developed the software for the operating system of Macintosh Quadra 660AV ?
Who is the writer with notable works like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
How many politicians are there from the city of Ganges?
What genre's softwares are released with a GNU GPL license?
How many shows are made by Playtone?
Name the monarch of L Buwei ?
Who were the commanders during the events which took place in Sandusky County, Ohio?
What are the movies whose editor died in Westwood, Los Angeles?
In how many places can I find people who were the architects of the Dundas Castle?
Count the movies in Swedish language?
Name the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
From how many works is the musical derived, whose lyrics are written by Sheldon Harnick?
List all discipline of the journals whose one of the discipline is Cerebral blood flow ?
How many politicians live in India?
Matthew kane and Park rankin are citizens of which country?
In how many places can I find people whose alma mater was in bachelor of arts?
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
Who is the producer of the device which is the operating system of Now TV  ?
Who wrote a rose for emily?
How many games are played at universities affiliated with the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning?
Was the Lotuspool Records distributed by Napster?
Count the tenants of the stadiums designed by Populous?
Which sports exist in the universities whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
Count the different number of academic areas covered by publications of SAGE?
What faiths are followed by the relatives of Meadow Soprano?
Do the White Plains Road lie in the Bronx county?
Is US Navy garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
Who was the voice actor of allen walker also gave voice to kimihiro watanuki?
What is the country of origin of the president of Skai group?
What is the launch site of Aquarius (rocket) ?
List the magazines published by Playbow Enterprises ?
Is the song Killing is Out, School is in belong in the The Next Step?
Which appliance's CPU is Cell (microprocessor) and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Was Blade Runner cinematographed by JordanCronenweth?
Count the number of software which runs on Microsoft Windows and mac OS ?
What has Carl Sagan written his books about?
How many characters are there in The Office?
What are the awards won by the film editor of World of Tomorrow ?
 Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place ?
How did the child of Stevens T. Mason die?
What is the faith of Kwai Chang Caine ?
How many things are located in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Which magazines were founded by ann Wenner ?
Is the Vadodara railway junction onwed by Indian Railway Ministry?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
What are the movies whose editor is Robert Wise?
Name the river on Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station ?
Did Johann Gottfried Galle invent Neptune?
Where is the T.I. Ahmadiyya Girls Senior High School?
How many information appliance are manufactured by companies located in Taiwan?
Which office holder's  military branch is Continental Army and vice president is John Adams?
Into what military organizations is the United States Department of Defense divided?
Who have been the manager of national team of Spain?
Name all sitcoms whose theme music is made by Miley Cyrus?
Does the Toyota Verossa have the front engine design platform?
Which companies have Kumho Asiana Group as their parent company?
Was Neil Armstrong on the Gemini 8 mission?
What product is made by Sony and Foxconn togather?
What is the country whose leader was once Valentina Matviyenko?
Is Julia Gillard the prime minister of Kate Lundy?
How many people have fought wars where Arthur St. Clair was a commander?
Name the mammals which are primate and belongs to family of ape ?
How many guests have been there on broadway?
What is the county seat of the county which has an Evergreen High School?
What countries used Solidus as currency?
In which areas can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
In how many different teams have all those who have played as a defenceman been?
List  bacterias whose orde is Bacillales and division is Firmicutes?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
How many companies have developed cross platformed softwares?
How many cars are the predecessor of cars similar to the Pontiac G8?
Was Class Conflict an interest of Karl Marx?
What are some famous artists who rocked a Les Paul?
How many different organizations own the railway lines which are a part of Norfolk Southern Railway?
List the parts of Greater San Antonio?
Who composed the episode after which came Butter's Very own Episode?
List down all the baseball teams whose team manager was a Catcher?
Was the body of Elsie Paroubek discovered in Chicago?
Did Dean Wurzberger manage a club at the santa clara university?
How many people have worked for teams chaired by Patricia Amorim?
Is the hyundai elantra related to hyundai lavita?
Which team did Michael and Ryan Powell play for?
How many different people have been in any political seat in places which are under the Indian Standard timezone?
Who manufactured the Delta III and the Space Shuttle?
Give me the total number of lines owned by owner of Mwtro-Noth Railroad ?
Count the different genres of music made by Argentinian bands?
For how many PMs did the politician work, whose successor was Kingsley Wood?
Laozi authored which book?
How many head of agencies were there in Nazi Germany?
What are the largest cities in each of the destinations of TranStar Airlines?
Was Love Hurts in Short Cut Draw Blood?
How many things belong to phylum of Chordate?
Which Tv series led to Frasier?
Count the number of people became famous for when Andrew Jackson was a commander ?
Count the writers whose work has been played in NY?
Was A Jitney Elopement edited by Charlie Chaplin?
Which rivers flow into the lower manhatten?
Give me the home town of all musical artists who uses Guitar as instrument ?
Does Walson Augustin play as a midfielder?
What are the airline hubs of Cascade Airways?
What is the location city of Burnside Distribution Corporation ?
How many movies have their music signed up with Sony Music Entertainment.
Was Marshall Arisman the cover artist in american psycho?
What is the publisher of Lucifer's Hammer ?
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood is a work of Isaac Newton?
was james watt a mechanical engineer?
Who is known for are Battle of the Thames and War of 1812?
How many groups speak the English Language?
How many owners are there of lines starting at the South Station?
Where is the mouth of the river whose tributary is Bjelimicka  Rijeka ?
How many prime ministers did the predecessor of Duncan Sandys  serve?
Which river flows through Central Washington?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor is Franz Brentano?
Is Henry David Thoreau interested in Politics?
Tandem Computers is the subsidiary of which company?
Which settelment area is the home town of the Danny Felice and Cline Buckens?
What is the home town of the Band which is the previous work of Sammy Hagar & Friends ?
VP-8 and VP-10 shares which command structure ?
Is Ethics the main interests of Henry David Thoreau?
Name the other party of Chandra Shekhar ?
How many people are buried in Arlington National Cemetery?
Does Fa'a' International Airport serve tahiti too?
What was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld?
Which license of the Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the  product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group 
For everyone who died in paris, count their different fields of work.
Is the Caterpullar 797F assembled in North America?
Michael Deeley produce how many movies?
Was tupac a member of Outlawz?
Does Dan River flow into the Jordan Valley?
Does Beth Tweddle play for the City of Liverpool gymnast club?
Music of how many things has been given by Akira Ifukube?
Was Krzystof Wielicki the first person that ascended the mt everest?
List the sports played in private universities.
Pointe d'Aveneyre belongs to which mountain range?
Who is the office holder whose resting place is Monticello?
Who are the associated musical artist of Carolyn Dennis?
Is north caucasian emirate have an islamic government?
What is the game whose genre is Mind sport?
How many awards have graduates from the University of Queensland earned?
How many other architect are there of the historic places whose architect is also Stanford White ?
In how many states can one find Burr Tuss kind of bridges?
What cities are around the valley bordering Lake Mead?
Through which important cities the does the river originating from the Duwamish, flow?
What is the origin of Xynisteri?
Who gave the musical score  of 9 to 5 (musical) ?
Give me the number of home stadiums of teams managed by John Spencer.
How many people have parterned with the person choroegraphed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
Who is the monarch of Bertalan Szemere ?
In which city was the film star of Singhasan Battisi born ?
Was Zachary Taylor a commander of the sixth infantry regiment of US?
Who all were venerated in Islam?
Name some software as a service?
Which office holder's predecessor is  Lucius Cornelius and his associate is Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
For how many teams have the league players of Czech Extraliga, previously played?
What did other artists associated with the Shirelles make?
Which parent company of the Cornell University Press is also the alma mater of the Mario Garca Menocal?
Count the band members of Skull Gang?
Name the nearest city to David W. Brown House ?
What is the political party to which Purnima Banerjee is a member of?
Who was the president during the time the opponent of John Hospers was in the office?
List all the awards won by the artist who has won SIGGRAPH ?
What are the important buildings of the architect whose one of the significant building is Krasnye Vorota?
In how many regions is the Baco Noir made?
Which movies have their music composed by someone that signed up with RCA Records?
How many movies have been directed by Orson Welles ?
Where is the stadium of Philadelphia Rage ?
What are the television shows whose network's successor is BBC Two?
What organisation regulates and controls the New Sanno Hotel?
Who designed the language integrated query?
List the associates of bands which have a label by Motown ?
Name the partners of the models whose one of the partner is Thom Evans ?
Is Greg Weeks the band member of Beyond the Sixth Seal?
Who was the vice president under which elizabeth alexander served?
Is Robin Gibb the singer of Oh! Darling?
In which state is Goose Lake Valle, which is also part of Lava River Cave ?
Is Roger Federer the flagbearer of Switzerland at the 2004 Summer Olympics?
How many artists have collaborated with famous guitar players?
What is the broadcast area of CFRX ?
Does the platte river originate in Colorado?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Kulim?